📖 docs: document test coverage for release branches (#8118)
kubernetes-sigs/cluster-api: CONTRIBUTING.md

| **v1alpha4** | EOL since 2022-04-06 |
| **v1alpha3** | EOL since 2022-02-23 |

> - For the latest API version we support the two most recent minor releases; older minor releases are immediately unsupported when a new major/minor release is available.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- For the current stable API version (v1beta1) we support the two most recent minor releases; older minor releases are immediately unsupported when a new major/minor release is available.
```
s/latest/current stable because it is the same wording used in the table above
(we can also change the table and keep latest here and below, up to you)

- For older API versions we only support the most recent minor release until the API version reaches EOL.

> - We will maintain test coverage for all supported minor releases and for one additional release for the latest API version in case we have to do an emergency patch release.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- We will maintain test coverage for all supported minor releases and for one additional release for the current stable API version in case we have to do an emergency patch release.
```

>   For example, if v1.2 and v1.3 are currently supported, we will also maintain test coverage for v1.1 for one additional release cycle.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  For example, if v1.2 and v1.3 are currently supported, we will also maintain test coverage for v1.1 for one additional release cycle. When 1.4 will be released, test for 1.1 will be removed.
```
